what is the big deal about being on
television those pills you're taking a
kill you before you ever get on for
Christ's sake big deal
you drove up in a cab did you see who
had the best seat I'm somebody now Harry
everybody likes me soon millions of
people will see me tell them about you
your father how good he was to us it's a
reason to get up in the morning it's a
reason to lose weight to fit in the red
dress some reason to smile it makes
tomorrow all right
hmm why should I even make the bed or
wash the dishes I do them but why should
I
I'm alone your father's gone do you're
gone I got no one to care for what if I
got Harry
I'm lonely it's not the same they don't
need me I like the way I feel I like
thinking about the red dress and the
television you your father know when I
get the Sun I smile
[Music]